Update Snowflake documentation (#17449)
metabase/metabase: docs/administration-guide/databases/snowflake.md

Here are some gotchas to look out for when connecting to Snowflake:

> - **Account**. The `Account` field requires the alphanumeric account ID _with_ the region that your Snowflake cluster is running on. For example, if the Snowflake account URL is `https://az12345.ca-central-1.snowflakecomputing.com` then the `Account` would be `az12345.ca-central-1.aws` if it runs on AWS (notice the `.aws` ending). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Account**. The `Account` field requires the alphanumeric account ID _with_ the region that your Snowflake cluster is running on. For example, if you're running Snowflake on AWS and your account URL is `https://az12345.ca-central-1.snowflakecomputing.com`, then the `Account` would be `az12345.ca-central-1.aws` (note the `.aws` suffix).
```
